docs(cpt): requirements section revamp (#2842)
scaleway/docs-content: observability/cockpit/how-to/activate-managed-alerts.mdx

This page shows you how to activate [managed alerts](/observability/cockpit/concepts/#managed-alerts) using the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/).

> ## Requirements

Author: ```suggestion
<Macro id="requirements" />
```

- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)

> - Have [activated your Cockpit](/observability/cockpit/how-to/activate-cockpit/)

Author: ```suggestion
- An active [Cockpit](/observability/cockpit/how-to/activate-cockpit/)
```
